questions you asked me about. What's New York Mets dominating? The Dodgers
is always available to talk about that's the 1986 Mets 2000 world
Siris. In some ways, there is happy to talk about. Those probably
reached me offline for further comment on that over for the tapes and
recordings that you're going to see, Click on Head. It's really about
challenges that you like face in the first sea duty that field,
too, uh, life at sea worship driver, because I am sure, and it's based
on my experiences there. You also can ask questions about housing.
You move from base debates like these questions in their cover. That
and just a general illusion questions leadership style questions
because we know you've had that textbook at this point, either. At
O. C s war, CIA knows reading list. They want not what? There's gonna
be some questions that you can want one look on on. Asked me about
my responses